ref: Add `plots.auto_open` in `dvc.config` (#3101)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/plots/diff.md

- `--show-vega` - produce a [Vega-Lite](https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/) spec
  file instead of HTML. See `dvc plots` for more info.

> - `--open` - opens the generated plot in the browser automatically. You can
>   enable the [plots.auto_open](/doc/command-reference/config#plots) option in
>   `dvc config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--open` - open the HTML generated in a browser automatically. You can
  enable `dvc config plots.auto_open` to make this the default behavior.
```
